Feature to Mark an Entire Job's Parameters as Sensitive (#2125)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-1.3.md

For more details please refer to the [Jobs feature documentation](../additional-features/jobs.md) as well as the [Job data model documentation](../models/extras/job.md).

#### Jobs With Sensitive Parameters ([#2125](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/2125))

> Jobs model now includes [`has_sensitive_variables`](../additional-features/jobs.md#has_sensitive_variables) field which unless set to False prevents the job's input parameters from being saved to the database. This is important to set correctly if the job's input parameters include sensitive data such as passwords or other user credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jobs model now includes a [`has_sensitive_variables`](../additional-features/jobs.md#has_sensitive_variables) field which by default prevents the job's input parameters from being saved to the database. Review whether each job's input parameters include sensitive data such as passwords or other user credentials before setting this to `False` for any given job.
```

### Added

- [#1226](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1226) - Added custom job intervals package management.

> - [#2125](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/2125) - Added `remove_stale_scheduled_jobs` management command which removes all stale scheduled jobs and also added `has_sensitive_variables` field to Job model which prevents the job's input parameters from being saved to the database.

Reviewer: We also need to add a `### Security` section under 1.3.10 that calls out the potential exposure of sensitive Job inputs to the database, explains the issue and mitigations, etc. Bryan may have suggested wording here.
